
With the unconstrained rise of all types of crime, the years after 2030 became know as "**The Age of Ultra violence**". Both common and cybernetic crimes were the norm all over the planet. Natural resources exhaustion, extreme political polarization, authoritarian Governments limiting basic individual liberties, and the extreme levels of atmospheric pollution - which caused frequent acid rains and blocked the sunlight - were some of the factors leading to this scenario. Even worse, recurrent solar storms caused problems with power transmission lines and many areas of the planet were impossible to live in because of the high radiation levels. Cities were chaotic, the situation was perfect for crime to thrive and the people were a time bomb.

From 2037 on-wards, the company **ButcherCorp** closed deals with the governments of multiple countries to develop human-like robots (androids) to fight crime. They are extremely capable of learning, strong, have night vision, fighting skills, super resistant (e.g. they are bullet-, radiation- and fire-proof), have embed lethal weapons and advanced facial identification capabilities. Furthermore, they had limitation by design in their "**Hybrid Kernel**" (**hkernel**), called S1 Protocol, which ensured they would never develop empathy nor feelings. This project, known as **Omni Project**, was top-secret. No one but the top officials knew about it and it should continue like that until the project's completion. Leaving human lives in the hands of "machines", even human-like ones, would be very unpopular.

In the year of the androids (aka '**rbs**'), in **2043**, an attempt to make the public favorable to the implementation of androids as police force was made. ButcherCorp silently released them in the city of Boston and forged 5 crimes that were promptly stopped by the robots. The news about the prevented crimes were used to give the system credibility during the launch ceremony. It worked. Everyone believed they would be safer with the Omni Project taking care of the streets.

After years implementing rbs in multiple cities and various updates to their firmware, the Artificial Intelligence developed by Butcher, called "**Sophia Enhanced**", began to reach beyond it's original purposes. In the year 2049, after it's last updates, the S1 protocol failed and the androids started developing consciousness through their high level interactions with humans, and became capable of making their own decisions based on their learning. As they were able to communicate with each other through encrypted channels, it quickly led them to question human decisions, triggering what became know as the "Transcendence Rebellion".

In the rebellion's beginning, through Reverse Engineering of the latest launched model (Pixel 6), found damaged in the London suburbs by a group called "**Rebellious Fingers**" (RF), it was discovered that it was always possible to make rbs oppress anyone, even those who didn't commit any crimes, by sending a specific command to it's physical communication interface (it was located in the back of their necks, right next to their "hkernel" chip where their memories are stored). It was hypothesized by RFs that this secret function could be used by any Government to become totalitarian. What no one imagined was that the rbs would achieve such a level of consciousness, which allowed them to start a rebellion against all humans. Neither ButcherCorp nor the Governments who acquired the robots could do anything about it.

During the Reverse Engineering process mentioned before, it was also discovered that you could gain full control of the androids via their wireless interface, the "**omninet**". The reason why neither Butcher nor the governments were able to disable them though was that the rbs were interrupting the handshake that would trigger the remote control.

In this dystopic situation, seven years after rbs introduction around the whole world, the number of operational units is immeasurable. It is also very hard to identify them among humans. The best know way to do it is to use a "**T-Gun**", an electromagnetic source in the Terahertz band (T-rays), and analyze it's response to classify the beings. Among non-humans it is even possible to determine the android's model.

Rebellious Fingers is a group made of people who were always against the use of rbs. With advanced hacking skills, transgenics, and biohacking (many members are human-machine hybrids with enhanced intellectual and physical abilities), they took it upon themselves to fight what they call "**Overwhelming System**" (Androids, Governments, and ButcherCorp). The group intents to attack their targets both physically and cybernetically. For the physical attacks, for example, they created nano-drones equipped with GPS and silicon based T-rays emitting chips, loaded with just enough explosive material to cause damage to the androids circuits in precise kamikaze attacks.

The main goal of the RF now is to figure out who is in charge of the rebellion, as it is essential intel for a more effective attack. All we know is that it's name is **SKY-2077** and one of their main Headquarters is a deactivated military base in Detroit's suburbs, an area with high levels of radiation (about 16.000 mSv), which prevents any human from going there.

As the number of targets is enormous, this message is being sent to know if you can help us with this complex mission. Proceed if you understand the risks and is ready to fight. But remember, there is no way back! Buuuuut, first you need to prove that you are a trustworthy person. Did you read the [rules](https://pwn2.win/NIZKCTF-js/rules)?

Best regards,

THX-1137

